new dxDiagram API descriptions (#1)
LanaDX/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDiagram/1 Configuration/contextToolbox/contextToolbox.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Configures the context toolbox's settings.

---
#include common-demobutton with {
    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Diagram/UICustomization/"
}

> The context toolbox appears when you draw a connector from a shape and release it not connected to another shape. The toolbox allows you to create a shape at the end of the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The context toolbox appears when you draw a connector from a shape and release it without it being connected to another shape. The toolbox allows you to create a shape at the end of the connector.
```
